---
layout: post
title: Week Two
---

What did you do this past week?

This has been quite an eventful week. Brithday celebrations, being sick and working on Collatz. The setup has been quite difficult at first mainly due to a silly mistake on my part. I spent some time researching what to put on my .travis.yml file because it did not build correctly until I found out that the yml file was given in the public code repo. Everything is working smoothly now and I am optimistic in meeting the deadlines for this project.

What's in your way?

Aside from Collatz, I need to catch up with Algorithms which I am pretty behind in. I spent most of my weekend reviewing the material but I need to get a good grasp in how the proofs work for my homework assignment. As for Collatz, I worked on my eval(), but I have to start working on optimizations and creating acceptance tests.

What will you do next week?

I will focus most of my time working on Collatz and Algorithms. One of my regrets last semester was not being as active in my clubs as I would have liked to so I will check out some more clubs in my spare time.

This Class

I got to learn some new techniques to solving problems that seemed simple at a first glance. Understanding things such as traversing up to the square root of a number rather than the number itself to find out if it is prime was rather helpful and gave me a new way of seeing probelms in terms of efficiency.

Tip of the Week

For those who are still looking for a summer opportunity and interested in startups, AngelList is a good place to check. It provides different types of positions in a variety of cities helping you find the perfect opportunity and some of the companies can also provide you a part of their equity for working there too!

