---
layout: post
title: Week One
---


Starting school this week has been pretty hectic, switching, adding and dropping classes until I picked the right classes and times. I decided to start Collatz early since I am not expeerienced with using software tools like Github. Given that I was not familiar with Github that well, I spent most of the week learning how to use it and its terminologies. I knew it was a useful tool among software developers but it wasnt until now I started to appreciate why so.

Since this class is Python intensive, I decided to start working on a side project to be more familiar with the language. It is a bank application that lets you add users and their balances into a text doucment. You can also add and withdraw funds of each user which is also recorded in the document and graphs the progress of the user's balance over time.

What's in your way?

I am still getting used to understanding the tools and terimonologies of this class such as Travis CI, coverage and unit testing. 

What will you do next week?

Despite the due date next week, I am going to try to finish Collatz by this Friday so I can devote some time to Career Fair and interview prep.

This Class

It has only been the first week but I feel that I have learned a lot in this class. Despite how intimidating some of the code presented looks at first, Dr Fraij explains each part in a good pace. This is the first class I took that has daily quizzes so I will make sure I come fully prepared each class

Tip of the Week

For those who are new to Python, Udacity has free self paced courses on Python programming. It will help you build a solid foundation on its concepts and syntax, and if you feel like it starts off as basic, you can skip to more advanced concepts later into the course.

